add ui pack 13.3.1 (#440)
MicroEJ/docs: PlatformDeveloperGuide/frontpanel.rst

-  ``fpFile.name`` [optional, default value is "" (*empty*)]: Defines
   the Front Panel file (\*.fp) the application has to use by default when several ``fp`` files are available in project.

> To test a Front Panel project without rebuilding the Platform or manually exporting the project, add the :ref:`Application Option <application_options>` ``ej.fp.project`` to the absolute path of a Front Panel project (e.g. ``c:\mycompany\\myfrontpanel-fp``). The Simulator will use the Front Panel project specified before the one included by the Platform. 

Reviewer: + I would put this "trick" for testing a front panel project in the note becasue it is an not-so-common usecase (advanced)
The note and warning below could be wrapped in a single warning section.

> To test a Front Panel project without rebuilding the Platform or manually exporting the project, add the :ref:`Application Option <application_options>` ``ej.fp.project`` to the absolute path of a Front Panel project (e.g. ``c:\mycompany\\myfrontpanel-fp``). The Simulator will use the Front Panel project specified before the one included by the Platform. 

Reviewer: Not sure but is it ``c:\mycompany\\myfrontpanel-fp`` or ``c:\\mycompany\\myfrontpanel-fp``?

> To test a Front Panel project without rebuilding the Platform or manually exporting the project, add the :ref:`Application Option <application_options>` ``ej.fp.project`` to the absolute path of a Front Panel project (e.g. ``c:\mycompany\\myfrontpanel-fp``). The Simulator will use the Front Panel project specified before the one included by the Platform. 

Author: I have moved this advanced notion in a dedicated sub-chapter. idem Image Generator.

> .. note:: This feature only works if the Platform has been built with the Front Panel module enabled.

Reviewer: merge with the warning below?

Author: I have moved this advanced notion in a dedicated sub-chapter. idem Image Generator.

> .. warning:: This feature is useful for locally testing some changes in the Front Panel project. The Platform does not contain the changes until a new Platform is built.

Reviewer: I would put "This feature is useful for testing locally some changes in the Front Panel project." with the paragraph "To test a Front Panel project..."

```suggestion
.. warning:: Use this feature for local tests only. The Platform will not contain the changes: it requires to update the front panel project and rebuild the Platform to apply the changes.
```

Author: I have moved this advanced notion in a dedicated sub-chapter. idem Image Generator.
